Explain explicit property in default non-root user policy (#19108)
docker/docs: content/scout/policy/_index.md

user in the image configuration. Images violate this policy if they don't
specify a non-root default user for the runtime stage.

> In instances where an image does not adhere to this policy, the evaluation result will communicate through the `Explicit` property whether the Dockerfile explicitly specifies the use of the `USER root` instruction. This information serves to enhance developers' comprehension regarding the deliberate or inadvertent setting of the `root` user, aiding in the identification of intentional configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For non-compliant images, evaluation results show whether or not the `root`
user was set explicitly for the image. This helps you distinguish between
policy violations caused by images where the `root` user is implicit, and
images where `root` is set on purpose.
```

The following Dockerfile runs as `root` by default despite not being explicitly set:
```Dockerfile
FROM alpine
RUN echo "Hi"
```

> Whereas in the case below the `root` user is explictly set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whereas in the following case, the `root` user is explicitly set:
```
